>> Brian Holt: So, let's do one more test.
We wanna simulate if someone
searches that if that works.
So, we're gonna run one more test,
('Search should render correct
amount of shows based on search.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna
make some searchWord,
that's gonna be equal to 'house.
In this particular case,
you could make it something else
that you know the answer to.
You're gonna say, const component.
>> Brian Holt: = shallow(<search />),
then I'm gonna do a component.find and
I'm gonna look for input.
Typically, I would make this
more specific, but I know for
a fact this has only one input.
And by the end of the workshop,
there is still gonna be one input.
So I'm just gonna go with that and
I'm gonna do a simulate,
a change event and
I'm gonna pass it my synthetic event,
target: value.
>> Brian Holt: SearchWord.
>> Brian Holt: Space.
>> Brian Holt: So, it's basically
going to fire like an event.
The caveat I wanna throw
out to you here is that
Enzyme does not do event bubbling for you.
So if you want to simulate a change event,
you need to simulate it
at where the handler is.
For the most part,
that's not really a problem.
But if you're expecting it do event
bubbling, that can be quite frustrating.
So, just keep in mind that
it does not bubble events.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, this is for
unit testing, not the other thing.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, integration testing.
>> Speaker 2: Integration testing.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: And then I typically
would do this differently.
But for the sake of time,
I'm just gonna kind of
like copy some logic.
I'm gonna put this filter statement here.
>> Brian Holt: So, I'm just gonna
copy this straight out of search.
Normally, I would abstract
this into another function.
Import it into both places, so
that you're using the same logic.
#toolazy, I'm not going to right now.
So I'm gonna say, preload.shows.filter
>> Brian Holt: This is
gonna be the same filter.
This is gonna work the same way, but
you would just want the length of this.
>> Brian Holt: And now you're gonna say,
expect(component.find(ShowCard).length).t-
oEqual(showCount).
>> Brian Holt: Now you can get
more specific and say like,
I specifically expect there to be House
of Cards and I expect there to be, and
you can get more granular than that.
But for the most part, the count, at least
for me is going to be a sufficient judge,
but I kind of err on the side
of like let's write quick and
easy tests that are have
strong correlation to working.
And then if it breaks later,
let's write stronger tests.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let me validate that this still works.
>> Brian Holt: And
it failed, why did it fail?
>> Brian Holt: It cannot restate.
I said, state.searchTerm here.
I actually just want searchWord.
>> Brian Holt: SearchWord,
cuz there's no state here.
We're just using the searchWord up here,
>> Brian Holt: So, let's try that again.
The dangers of copy paste.
>> Brian Holt: Now, it works.
>> Brian Holt: Does anybody have
any questions of why that works or
how it works?
>> Brian Holt: It's kind
of an interesting test.
>> Brian Holt: So,
I got like maybe three more tiny
things to work and then we we'll be done.
So what I've shown you is the,
in my opinion,
the most compelling reason to use
Enzyme which is the shallow render.
The nice thing about the shallow
render is it doesn't pull on JS DOM.
It doesn't pull on a browser.
It doesn't use Phantom or
anything like that.
It's purely JavaScript and
it's really fast.
These test that you see here
are running pretty fast.
I run my test suite in 1.5 seconds,
that's not bad and
that includes all the bootstrapping and
everything like that.
So running the shallow renderer is like
no problem, let's do it a whole bunch.
You can use it willy nilly and
you're not gonna slow down your tests.
There is one level more.
Sorry, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: I was going to.
They question is what would you
recommend for an integration test?
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
selenium, I suppose.
I have a hard time saying,
I recommend selenium, but
that just seems to be the de facto answer.
>> Brian Holt: Or higher QA, that's
probably my better answer is higher QA.
[LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I don't know if I have
a good answer for that.
We use selenium, I'll put it that way.
>> Brian Holt: So, Enzyme has two
additional depths of rendering.
One of them they just call it render, but
that's actually going to bring in JS DOM
which has to bootstrap and JS DOM is like
a copy of the DOM, but on JavaScript.
So it's not quite as bad as having this
like open Chrome or open Phantom or
something like that, but it's pretty slow.
So, you can greatly slow down
your tests by bringing in render.
So I would recommend avoiding it, if you
can like at all costs like work really
hard to make sure that you don't pull
the render like the normal render.
It is like I said much slower and
then there's one more that's even
slower than that, but gets even also.
I guess the question is
why would you use render?
If you need to interact with DOM APIs,
if you need to do more crazy
things than we're doing here,
usually it's to interact with DOM APIs,
then you need to bring in render,
cuz the shallow render doesn't
have any DOM APIs available.
And if you need to go full on static
rendering like completely render
everything out and have all sort of
like DOM exploration available to you.
You can actually use what
they call static rendering,
which I think will also use JS DOM and
then it wraps cheerio on top of
that which Cheerio is a great
library if you've ever used it for
just doing like offline
stack analysis of your HTML.
It has like a j quack interface to it.
But again, even slower.
I definitely recommend avoiding it,
if you can.
>> Speaker 2: Do Jest and
Enzyme need to run in Phantom or anything?
Cuz I noticed without any,
we didn't have to configure anything and
no Phantoms run in.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, it's just Jasmine.
That's the only hidden dependency here.
So, that's why it's pretty fast.
Yeah, as much as you can avoid
bringing Phantom is a good thing.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Francoise asks a question.
It seems Enzyme does more that Jest
when you use Jest versus Enzyme.
My response was you use them together.
>> Brian Holt: Use them together.
I mean, Enzyme can be used with mocha like
my other workshop uses enzyme as well,
the version one of this workshop.
So if you're testing React components,
you just use Enzyme.
That's almost 100% correlation.
>> Speaker 2: Off topic question.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Dinard is asking,
where do you follow new technologies and
understand when to you use them?
>> Brian Holt: I follow a lot of people on
Twitter which is a really crappy answer,
because who do I follow on Twitter?
People.
But honestly, that's where I get it.
I get water cooler talk at Netflix.
Again, not helpful.
So I don't read hacker
news as much these days,
because everyone's a jerk on there.
The subreddit for JavaScript on Reddit for
the most part, it's pretty good.
>> Brian Holt: That's probably it and
then just I play around on
stuff on the weekend for fun.
>> Speaker 2: Do you have a list on
Twitter that you put your favorite
people on?
>> Brian Holt: I don't.
Yeah, I have my thousand followers or
thousand people that I follow.
Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: It's 5,
I have two more things to talk
about which should be pretty fast.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE] 20 minutes left,
this is the left card to
talk all the way through.
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: We're gonna have to take
a break if this goes more than 20.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, I can do it like ten.
So, just brief treatise.
We'll save the rest of the questions for
the end, but
I really don't do this very much.
I don't really test my
react components that much.
What I do is I abstract my modules out,
my business logic into modules and
I just test the hell
out of the modules and
I very rarely test the actual
react components themselves.
Just because at Netflix we
do a lot of AB testing, so
the amount of thrash we have
on markup is just huge.
I'll push at the end, but
there's no more code to write today.
So yeah, we'll be fast.
>> Brian Holt: So that's just my
personal feeling on unit testing and
I feel like that is controversial,
so take it with a bag of salt.
But yeah, I don't do a lot of unit
testing on my React components.